Yeah, for sure, for sure, I will zoom in, but I'm just asking if you can see the screen
right now or not.
For me?
Yeah.
Okay, perfect.
So let's start first with adding the data, and then we can give you like a short introduction
of how is it going.
One second, okay, perfect.
So as we discussed before, like in the very beginning, this system was made for like the
10 meter air pistol shooting only, not the other sports, which is like that for training
analysis system by integrating session, playback, torque clustering, skeleton poster comparison,
and time evaluation.
And annotating matrices for your for the coaches also to help them to modify or like to comment
for the sessions in the future or also to have it in the past.
So in this system, you can also identify best and worst and median shots, inspect the outlayers
for the shots, export the visuals and the records, and conduct athlete review at the end.
With this workflow balanced as you can do all of that in the same application interface
without going to different applications, which makes it very good to improve the player
performance and inspect his poster and also give a bit better communication and deep analysis.
So what we're doing today, simply, first I loaded the session right now.
I can go to the short types.
So you can also identify the best and worst and median time outlayers in this 30 shots.
After that, we can go and inspect the virtual target and the skeleton playback to also have
comments on this and then compare also the poster differences between the shots.
Like if we said like this one is a good shot or this bad shot, so we can have different
results with this and we see like how the comparison was.
And then at the end, if you would love to also we can export the visual and we can discuss
and communicate with the athlete as like a role play at the end.
So let's start with the first task, which is identify the target
shots to find the best and the worst.
So first of all, we can go in this small multiple lines, but I prefer to go with the second one.
So first we can go with this one second.
Oh, sorry, I loaded the wrong file.
I think, yeah.
Perfect.
Okay, so with this is the score versus the duration.
So can you tell first, as you can see, the total duration is the white
bar, like the empty one is the total duration at all.
And after shot is like this, the aiming and preparing.
So based on that, I guess maybe it will help you to identify like the best and the worst median
outshot.
As we can see also down there on second is the score here, like 8, 8, 9, 10.
All of this are the numbers.
So you can also get it in some point.
Maybe you can also increase the font size a little bit.
Let's try that.
Yeah, I think it will not be effective in such a point.
As in, as is like the data right now is big.
So it will not be super visible.
Also ask me if you can see it.
I can see it from here.
Can I ask for something for the total duration or for this white bar?
When do you start counting like from start raising his hand or?
I can show you the video that we took before.
So we can also have like a quick overview also with that one second.
Let's talk about final and then this one and this.
For example, as you if you remember this one,
it's like from the very, very beginning on like once he starts aiming with this,
like when he before even putting his hand just like when you get the position
and goes until the after shot and he put his hand back again.
As you can see, this is the last second he goes.
Okay.
So the time here, for example, all of this.
Yes, in some point, yes.
As we said before, if it's like a shot is done totally or not.
But this also can be like mainly that detected in the poster and the target.
Like after this section, this is like the first interview.
We can put that out afterwards, right?
Yeah, exactly.
Here we can see like right now I'm just showing only shorted completed shots.
Okay.
So you are just representing the real shots.
The complete shots, exactly the complete shots.
So if the shot tried to do like a dry fire, if you go to the posture,
but he didn't actually go with the procedures, we can filter that out and we will go.
Exactly, exactly.
Like in our data, I can show you also one example for that.
One second, if I remember.
There was one shot when Ihab did it, but he didn't also really shot it.
One second here.
Yeah, perfect.
He helps shooting session data.
Yes, as you can see here, it says here it's not like this one.
It's not a complete shot.
We have like a filter here.
It says not.
So it can, we can filter it out like this one.
So in like in a practical way, you can also filter them or you can just keep it.
But right now for this purpose of the meeting, we just keep the whole total
shorter because in this case also in the third shot, it was only one time.
So in future, we can edit this like an option to see exactly what he has done in the whole
training session.
Look how many unreached shots has been prepared.
Even right now, something like this is there.
Something like this is there already because in some point, one second,
I can show you all of this also.
In the data table, you have a data table here.
So you can even see if there is like a filtered.
Yeah, right now it's all of them.
It's like, yes, right now, because it's already filtered with this only show the completed ones.
Like for example here, as you can see here, it's all even right now because all of this data
right now only like that, but it's usually you can remove it or not.
And also in this part, I forgot to also maybe I didn't tell you this before,
we can also score range.
Like for example, if you want all the only the nine.
Yeah, and also by the set, like for example, you can get only the first 10 like this.
If you would love to, so we can make it like this.
Even right now, if it's easier for you, we can make it like 10 by 10.
If you would love to, it's better for comparison, but check exactly what happened.
And if we have like a common procedures and technique for the tens or for the mistakes,
okay, right now I'm just like, I don't want to direct you in some point to also give you
the full experience.
So just tell me what would you love to see?
I mean, I can go also like further all in the oldest charts.
For example, if you'd love to first, so we can go like this.
We have several options like we can filter out or we can group whatever we'd like.
We can group the good shots and we can analyze.
We can group the whole set.
Exactly.
Here is it.
The only one thing which I would recommend that you can add later is that session time.
Like when he's or when the shooter started the session and when he ended it.
So we can know how long is the session duration of the session itself.
Yeah, I guess it's an easy option to be added afterwards.
Yeah, for sure.
Also, we have to know exactly like, did he shoot the 10 shots in 10 minutes or 30 minutes?
Okay.
So for this, for this right now, could I mean, you would love to get it like for the first 10
shots, for example, and we go like a set by set or you go on to do.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay.
For now, keep that set by set.
Okay, perfect.
Same like what we score in usually in our training sessions.
Okay, perfect.
Okay.
If you want also like right now to keep your idea for this set, for example,
and we see different targets, I mean, like this different target to visualizations,
it's fine.
Like for example, if you need the one that is comparing the stack bar composition,
like for example, this one, so we can know the percentage for each shot.
Yeah, it's also good.
For example, this one, or for example, if you would love to, I can show you side by side charts,
which is like give you the average of the uptime like in total and also the preparing time in
total and also aiming time in total and after shot in total.
So we know what time of the whole thing is taken and where, for example.
So we have this kind of three things.
So it can help you in to make also like your full idea for the first 10, for example, right now.
Yeah, but also I would recommend that you will add like a bar for the variation,
like the variation over the average is like maybe you can add like it's 37% usually this is the highest
aiming time you had above the average.
So we can know by time if like I'm just thinking if I'm using this app in our training sessions,
like maybe afterwards I would say that, okay, today you have like a variation of 77% of your
timing, but we can focus on this timing and we will test it like in both sessions and see if
there is like a improvement in the precision of how we can manage this tempo and timing.
Yep.
Also it would be perfect for records.
For sure, for sure.
So it's very nice, because of this visualization also it's open and you are here which also be
very helpful.
I'm sorry, please put that on the next floor for you.
No, it's okay.
It's okay.
I mean like right now I guess we finished the implementation part.
So in some point also we can say there's a future work in some point.
So it's no problem.
But right now what we maybe want to maybe also have a findings with this
things if it's possible.
If it's not possible also you can just say I cannot find something or like a
No, for me it's like a third eye.
For me I would like to have such analysis for sessions, but it's impossible for me as a coach
to have like a different stopwatch and to look about his posture, but with such application
it will do it for me.
Okay.
For sure.
So we need after time to have it.
It can really like a third eye for me.
So it can help me to calculate some stuff for me and also we can analyze it afterwards
to check exactly where is the problem.
Okay, perfect.
So right now can you tell where is the best duration from this session based on the score
and the durations?
For me the font is really small, but I will say that
it's the force shot, the force of the fifth shot since
force is the score is 10 exactly and the duration is above 12 seconds, like 12 seconds and a half
and six seconds is like the after shot and between four and six is like actually five
is the aiming and less than one second the preparing.
Yeah, I guess this is for me also as a graph as a coach the timing is perfect,
like the preparation time is enough, aiming time is not more than six seconds
and also we have like three four or even more for the fourth one.
Okay.
So I was happy that the end result is 10.
So for me that's it's can you tell me the score of shot number
let's see the shot number three because I can't see the score because this one
the score is eight.
Yeah, that's why because he has a lot of aim time, so he lost his vision and concentration on the
front side, that's exactly what I'm asking for that to have like a third eye and for a better analysis.
Okay, would you also like for example if we said right now what is the best shot for you
said to me is number four, right?
Four, yes.
Okay, based on this graph and also which one is the worst shot for you out of those?
Six.
Number six.
Three and six.
Three and six, yes.
Six and three.
And also nine.
And also nine.
Okay.
Because everything every every every shot has a kind of mistake.
So you cannot say that this is the worst but this is our bad shot.
The timing of these three is very bad.
Like you mean the aiming timing because what I see here for example like the after shots, okay.
The aiming time.
The cursor, yes, the aiming time here is really bad.
Okay.
It's like he anticipated the trigger so he did like this.
So yeah.
So you think that even though like even though he got like a 10 as a score it's also
bad because of the aiming like as a technique.
Yeah, the gun is the score because maybe it's a lucky shot.
Okay.
The gun is the score.
I don't want him to get like a lucky 10.
And losing his concentration.
So this is also helping because sometimes if you show me the target it's a 10.
But it was a very bad technique.
Exactly.
This is also meant to be taught to the shooters.
Okay.
Would you also love to go to different visualization for this 10 to also maybe
to verify your thoughts about the best and worst shot?
No.
It's also to show me the target that will be much better for analysis.
Okay.
Right now this is the target for this.
Yeah, exactly.
Exactly.
This is you didn't show me before.
This is a new one.
Yeah.
This is a new feature.
Inclusive for the meetings.
Do you put the number of the shots on the shot itself?
Because it's really slow, I cannot see.
You can see it here on the right.
On the right also I make it like a table here.
So for example, eight northeast like this.
Okay.
Is it possible on the target itself?
Yeah, there is another graph which happens in the target itself.
Okay.
But this is like the first overview for that.
Yeah, perfect.
And if it's a perfect 10, what can be mentioned?
Perfect 10, you can just add it in the comments,
but there wasn't in perfect 10 in this case like 30 shots.
It's always with like a variation, no 10.9.
Okay.
So here for example, yeah.
If you want to have.
So could you also tell something from this target
if we say like from this 10 shots?
Yeah, the grouping is okay, I would say.
But there is two shots with anticipation of the trigger.
Okay.
Which may be the reason of different aiming time.
Maybe long aiming time or a very short aiming time.
Okay.
Can you remember the number of these shots?
So we can also see it like after that,
like in maybe the other graphs or something.
As I told you, three was a very bad shot and it's an eight.
Yeah, in the north here.
Shot number three.
And even by the way, if you can see like this,
you can see the numbers on it.
Yeah, this is what I was asking you.
Yeah, this here you can see the numbers.
Yeah.
And also if you can verify it with this.
Okay, one second.
Like the score versus the duration.
Yes, it was eight and the aiming was very high
with a short after after after shots compared to the to the average, I would say.
Okay, so for this, maybe if you would love to also, we can show you,
I should show you like different range, like for example, from 11 until 20, for example.
But also I'm keen to for the posture.
Yeah, okay.
So let's keep, let's keep it as it is for the poster one second.
We can go here and let's do the same.
So this is the culture for the 10 shots.
For each shot, for example, right now, shot number one.
Can you do the overlap?
Yeah, okay.
So overlapping for what, like, which shots you would love to see the comparison.
And actually, this is not an option.
We just like to do like one skeleton with other one skeleton,
not like all of the 10 at the same time.
Okay, number one and number 10.
Here are they one second.
One second, still not.
Here is number one.
And also, yeah, perfect.
But let's, let's make the shot number 11 or shot number.
Yeah, here is it.
As you can see here, zooming in.
In the skeleton, no, this is like the maximum, but I guess because of the phone, maybe.
That is a black arm.
Watching the left arm.
And also you can see that his right leg has changed a little bit.
We can also make it them like run together if you would love to like this.
Like I can sink it to run together like this.
We're right now in the preparing, aiming for the first one.
But this is really helpful because usually
people, human beings can change the posture of a type which will harm shooting.
But this is why I'm asking that is the idea of overlapping is possible.
And yes, you can see from the first shot to the gunshot already there is a variation.
And also you can see the different timing in some points like the aiming here with the short aiming
and after shot after shot.
And also we can see the score at the same point also.
So we can have the total overview at that.
And also here you have a target.
So a target you can see the overall also.
You can see the whole body, his torso and whole body is shifted backwards.
That means also that the shooter has been tired and he will change his posture already
to use like a secondary muscle start in raising the person.
This is really, really, really helpful because you will never, you cannot,
as a coach, you will never be able to compare the post charts in one session.
You will never memorize exactly how he was standing and what was his position.
And there is a variation in what, especially to this very small variation.
But in this, you can see exactly what happened.
So for this one, for example, let's try to check, as you said, like if we talk about last time,
here we said the worst shot was number three, right?
Sorry, number three, yes.
And the good one was number six.
Yes.
So what about comparing them together at the same time?
Yeah, it's no.
Okay, let's go number three here, shot number three and
number six.
Okay, here is it.
This is the preparing and both enter the aiming at the same time.
Yeah.
And there's a huge difference in time, at least.
Yes, the after shot is way longer in the shot number six and aiming time as well for the shot number three.
Yeah.
And we've compared here, as you can see here, like the shot number three is the
Norse, like the red one and the blue one is here.
If we see it also here, we can see it like this and that's like the center and up there.
So we have a conclusion based on the skeleton that you saw.
Yeah, I can show you also the both video from the beginning until the end,
so you can also have like a point of view again.
That's amazing.
You can also tell me to stop at any phase you want, for example.
I want to also tell you.
No, that's for me, it's very well-elaborated, so.
Okay, so can you share with us the conclusion that you found from these two shots, for example, right now?
Yeah, I'm telling you that for me as a coach, even if you have only one or two shooters in the shooting range,
but in my case, sometimes I have like 30 or 40 shooters in the range.
So if we can implement such an application on our training session, it would be very
helpful for me as a coach, as I was telling you, it would be like a third time.
It's for me, it's like a system, which is always there.
You can check the timing, you can check the scores, you can check also the posters,
the difference of the posters for each shot.
I don't know if you met it or not, but you can also check the fitness level,
because as you can see, if there's a variation between the first shot and the last shot,
sometimes some variations will show that his muscle mass is not strong enough,
so he started to lean backwards to have like a secondary muscles to hang on towards the pistol.
Also to improve his tempo and his cutting times,
to make sure that every time you know exactly what we train for,
it's a very helpful application.
And I can also use one thing that maybe would also be helpful for you,
because I remember that you also told me about it in the previous time,
the skeleton deep analysis, which was here, so one second, it's loading.
Yeah, it's right now here. So for example, if we talk about shot number three,
you can also enable drawing. For example, you can make here a rectangle here,
and the head here, and the hands, for example, and the torso, like anything you want.
So for example, what kind of things that you want to track within the time,
so we can, for example, like compare the shots and see the variation of it after that,
we can make a rectangle line with different colors also.
So you can also tell me what to do and I can do it for you, as if you're right now analyzing
something. Okay, perfect. So you want it as a rectangle here, for example, right?
Yeah. Okay, so here is it, like the shot number three.
Maybe let's make it exactly on the torso. Go back, like this, or even more, like that.
Okay, and we can go like this.
This is shot number three.
In some point also, I would also tell you, like there is a small flickering movement. It's okay,
it's normal because of the detection, because of the light conditions and stuff like that,
but it's not countable, like really not like a big difference.
Okay, so let's, for example, go to the shot that we said it's nice, which was shot number six,
right? So we can, like this, and we can see even the rectangle is still there,
so we can see if we got away from the torso part or not.
I would say it's the same with this torso part.
Even though here, for example, you can see that both teresors are the same
point, but it was mainly, I would say, in the hand. So maybe we can try it with the hand
if we would love to also. Like, for example, let's make a line for the hand. It was like this.
It's a drawable line, normal line. Okay, so this is number three, for example.
As you can see, this was, let's make it with a different color. This is number three.
Here.
Let's go to number six and see where was his hand. Can you see?
It's even outside the whole circle for the gun.
Can you make multiple drawings? Yeah, for sure. That's what I'm asking for.
Ask me to do any drawing that you want. I can do it for you.
Can you highlight the same, but for the right arm and also for the head itself?
Okay, for sure. So, for example, let's make the color code.
He has to change the idea of his hand to compensate what he has lost in his hand.
But that means that he has no fixed pulse check.
Yeah, let's go to this and that this is for shot number six. Okay.
Six and three. You need to move.
Yeah, for sure. Check the release.
Okay, let's just check. Okay, perfect. This is like the going, but let's make it way better even
like this and this part of the hand. Okay, this is for six. Let's go for three and do it.
Oh, but actually it's a little bit big, so maybe we can make it a smaller one
to also see the clarity like this here and in some points here.
And for three, we can do it with different color. Let's make it with red. So, we go here.
And do it like this. Yeah, and the hand
like this.
So, we can play the video right now.
No. This was the case for the reds.
And also, we can go for shot number six.
So, based on that, also we can only select one phase like aiming after a shot or
three and also only check this for all the shots.
Yeah, I would love to hear from you.
You know that his hand was not in the same position? Yes.
And he compensated this with his hand. Okay, like he moved his head like this?
I will never, yes, I will never, I will never notice this in the in-region training session.
I will not, I will not just notice that his hand was a little bit more to the right or to the left.
I will never get this, but with such application, if I compare these shots, I will get that
this is a variation when his hand was not in the right position, he compensated this with his hand.
It's a fatal mistake, which we will never get at his own risk.
So, if we summarize this as a question for you, how are you different,
the stance between the best and the worst shot for that? What do you would say?
No, I cannot answer this like that. I will answer that if we have like a perfection.
We can make it like the before shot and then we can compare others,
matchups with that perfect shot and from that we can identify the other.
Perfect. So, I cannot say that this posture is perfect. No, I can, I can, you know, add it
to the perfect shot like I see this is the perfect shot. So, I can say that shot number seven, eight
or seven, this is the default. This is the right one. And why? Because if I have like a matchup,
I can compare it with that. And I would also love to ask you why you cannot
do it like in this other way, like why you said I can only have like a default posture and that
because in some point maybe I know the answer but also I would love also to share with Professor
Patrick like with this kind of thing, like why we cannot do this? Because I'm human being
from my eyes, I cannot be inside my shooter and know exactly what happened. Exactly.
And also I would say also I would know what exactly happened because even if I'm really close
to the shooter like one meter away while he's shooting, this is very, very, very small variation
which I cannot identify with my eyes. And also I would say something also to add this point,
like in my point of view as a player also, like every player maybe has a comfort
posture. Of course. Like for example me, like the opening of my legs was like this maybe that my
friend would play even. Of course. Yeah, exactly. It cannot be one default or one right posture for
everybody, for everyone. Everyone has his own thing which when it's according to his weight,
and also for his body balance. Okay. So would you would you love to go to the third
task which is like to identify the timing and tempo?
Yeah. Okay, so I would love to know if you can identify the tempo of the player in some point
and his timing is a regular one or not. So maybe in this case we can go for the 30 shots
to see something clear with that. Here, for example,
yellow is like the total uptime, the total uptime, like how long he takes and the other ones are the
like the shots.
This guy needs to work on his tempo. From this graph, he needs to work on his tempo.
There's a lot of variation. Okay. He needs to work on his tempo, you mean?
Okay, but I guess this right now is not responding. So maybe you can just close
because I'm right also opening the share screens of them. It happens.
Yeah, one second.
One second, opening the data again. So we load
final, yeah, here we have a skeleton, the JSON file, and also the shot between the score.
Yes, and we go here. So this is even, as you can see, a wider view for the 30 shots.
Like if you see, for example, here, like in my findings, between the 20 to 25,
there is like an outlayer, as I would say, in different timings.
Yeah.
Like preparing, for example, here, like the amings.
And that's what I was telling that this guy needs to work on his tempo.
Like in which way?
Which also something, which in many ways, like this is what I was telling you on the
hand that such a program is really helpful because maybe in the training sessions again,
I will not notice this. I will never notice this. Like a small but easy, maybe it's like a one,
two seconds variation, but then the graph looks like a challenge problem here.
The training session, even if I'm sitting, suddenly I will not get this.
So was that was the aid of such an, such application would help me in that first
example, that this guy has no fixed tempo, which is again, another tool we are, we as coaches
can use, which will never get in the, in the normal training sessions.
Like even if I have a scope, which I don't know when he stopped, it's when he started aiming,
it's really difficult. And I will not focus on his technique.
This whole thing will not timing. I cannot focus on his technique, but was such programming
that we can fix the camera and I can get my note.
Yes. Can you, I can hear you right now.
And after the training session, we can sit together and see what happened exactly and have a
feedback, which should be a fruitful feedback because it's, it's there in front of everyone.
And we can analyze each shot, total shots, posture variation, timing variation.
And also you can compare it to the scoring. Like we can say, let's see if we have such
posture, if I have such timing, plus my notes as a coach, this is how we can get the perfect shot.
So I would love to also know, like based on this session, for example, firstly,
after seeing all of this kind of graphs, what kind of thing that changed, for example, your
perspective in, in, in the training, like in the drills, for example, if you want to have
like a training specified for this player, what would be based on this graph, like before and
after? Like before that, what would you say about the player and after that?
No, before, before that, I can have like a hundred of drills,
normal, our normal training session, but after see such graphs, without thinking,
y'all, I will give them tempo drills, how to adjust his timings, reach up to be as,
to be in a very close table. So without thinking it can be, it can be a tempo training or to
adjust his timings. Okay, can you also tell us what, what is the importance of having a tempo
and timing, like in general, like in the, in the air pistol shooting? Yeah, of course. First of all,
to have a perfect mindset, you have to work in a routine. Routine means that every shot will be
look similar to the previous one and to the next one. Selling your fame, what we call it as
punches, the shoot routine, it should be the same, because you know, we can only control the
conscious mind, but actually our subconscious mind is the, is the part of my brain will do the work
while I'm shooting. I can, my conscious mind is only focusing on, on, on the triggers and so,
but my subconscious mind is the part in my mind will do the whole procedure for the 25 seconds
and even more. Yes. So we are trying almost to train our, our shooters to be in, in their frame,
like doing the same procedures every time, just to, to, to, to put this information in, in, in
my subconscious mind. So in the time we needed, like in the, in the March or on our training session,
this part will be very well trained that they will do the job exactly the same every time.
Amazing. So another question for you, like if you are using the application right now from the
first beginning, what will be the optimal or the best workflow after seeing all of these options?
Because at some point, I know it may be like an over, over heading or like, like confusing a little
bit to use all of these graphs at once or like in an order, like a different order. So I would
love to know also from you, like if you're using it for the first time, how are we going to use it?
So for me, I will, I will fix like each training session for one or two shooters and I will ask
it to shoot for like 20, 30 shots and then we will do like after training session together to get
the feedback. And for me, no, I will use 100% of the options in this program. Because for me,
as I was telling you, but sometimes there is a mistake, so check it out. See or analyze why
during the training session, as I was telling you, posture variation, timing and tempo variation,
the grass also could be helpful that if you can see, no need for me to explain anything. If I show
such a graph on the shooter himself, I'm saying that you have a problem with your tempo. Yes,
if you can see his grab ring like this, it's like an eye opener for me and for him. But okay, we have
a, I already identified the problem and we have to work. So for me, I will not say that it's a
headache, but I will say that's very healthy, very healthy tool for me as a coach. But
can I ask a question? Which, so we had different views or different diagrams that you could see.
What with, with what view you would like to start? So what would you think? Okay,
this is the starting point. The first graph, the first time graph. Okay. This one?
This one, yes. The score versus duration graph, you mean?
Okay. Okay. And then you can go also with the target visualization more or like the tempo
and timing one. Or for example, the phase duration, the stack bar, like this one. What would you
prefer? I would say, I would say the posture.
The posture, like this one?
Okay. In this view, you are, in principle, you have all the information.
Exactly. Exactly. You have the timings on the left side, you have the target, the touch
dots on the right below. And after that, you have the, you have the comparisons for different
postures. Like for example here, you can see also like the total timing. For example, like this shot,
it have like a short, very short total time, for example, because its bar is very small. And part
of it is like the aiming. And also here you can see the total aiming was more than the aftershot,
even though like it's tall or short. Like you can see everything from this, like as timing wise,
with the view of the target here, you can see the 30 shot right now. Like if we zoomed in,
you can see the 30 shots. Where are they? Like where are the groupings?
As you can see here, there's some outlayers with this. So we can see even like in the 30 shot
how is like the mistakes is commonly repeated in some point. And also with that, you can just
click on this. Anyone, anyone, anyone you want, even though it's like 31 right now, we can just go
like 30, 29, 21, with anyone, any, any, any shot, I mean, you will just find it's posted.
Like the first one to start with.
Yeah.
Okay. Exactly.
So if you would open the program and just load the files, you would just love to see this first.
And then go especially with every graph, like for example, like if you want only target like this.
Okay. And also I didn't also use something like there's something called interactive dashboard.
It's loading. It takes a little bit time floating. You can see all of this with
times and that's like for example here. And also if you check each one, like you can see like box
violin, it's a little bit advanced visualization, I would say it's more for the visualizer or the
data analysis to so can see the medians, the upper fence, the lower fence comparisons. And also here
you can see also like the preparation time average for the shots. And also for sure, you can change
how many shots you want to present for that.
That's like a summary. Yeah, exactly. Exactly.
That's an overall summary. So do you think also it's easy to show the player this kind of graphs
or it will be hard or overwhelming for the player himself to also show him that you are
according to how professionally it's like a professional shooters. Yes, we would like to know
exactly what's happening. I would say amateurs and intermediates.
No, it won't be interesting for them. Okay. And how often would, for example,
For the coaches, yes. For the coaches, yes. But for the players themselves, I don't think so.
And regarding the revision and discussion with the players, how would you love to discuss with
them like show them like that professional ones like you show them pictures or the whole system
like this and go through the systems? I would say according to his mistake or what to be improved.
Okay. So according to the results, yes, I can show them exactly where is this problem.
Like if he has like a several problems, yes, we can go to whatever I can get from the problem.
And also, would you use a video like the one that I showed you before like one second
as a verification, right? Like one second, they can open it and then show it. Like one of those,
for example, as an addition also with the graphs to also verify the like the information, right?
Okay. I think I finished my questions, I would say and also we did the old tasks,
like we did the position variation, we showed the position variation, we checked the time in tempo,
we also did the short analysis like the best shot median and outlayer and clustering them.
And also we talked about the revision and discussion with the player and how it goes.
But also one question, the last question I would also love to ask about it is how often would you
would use something like that? I mean, in your experience, I know that you also, we used it
in your presence, how would you find it in some way? It was overwhelming for the arena,
for example, it was hard to set it up. So it will take like maybe one time per month,
it will be enough or it's okay to do it like every training or like one time per week.
What would you prefer based on the setup on everything?
It's a very tricky question because it's not according to the program itself, it also has
another part of the equation, which would be the shooter in some way. It's according to the
shooter, like if I'm preparing a very professional shooter to be a world-class
position, I will use this program more often. But if I have like a amateur or a youth player who
just would like to know what's the problem, I can use it once per month. So it's according to
the player level itself, not just the outcome I can have from the program, so it's according to
the shooter itself. Okay, I mean, you can also share with us how was the preparation, for example,
for like our... I would say it wasn't that hard. It was okay to set it, if I needed to use it
every training session, so it's not a big problem, it will take like maximum five to ten minutes,
everything will be set. Okay, so I don't think that it's like for the scat, it takes more time,
you know the scat program. Yeah, yeah, for sure. Like for example, if we talk like about an example
that we have in our arena right now, like for example, Noor Abbas, which was she was participated
also in the last Olympics. You as her coach, for example, would you recommend to use an
application with her like this, and how often would you use with her? Let's see, in the season we
have like a lot of phases, like in the preparation phase, maybe we'll use it every day. In the
competition phase, we might use it once per week. Okay. So it's according also to the phase, because
sometimes in the competition phase, I don't need to focus on the problems.
I will focus more on how we will do. Okay. So I don't want to
notice her concentration and just focus on the problems that she got. But in the preparation
phase, which is we can call it also on the off season, yes, we can use it every day.
And how long can be the off season for like an international player, like her and the national
player, like a normal player? Like because I know that you train both. Usually if you have us
also in the first, if you have a word series in this year or not, if you are participating in
three, four international championships, or you are preparing for the Olympics. But in average,
usually we'll have from 30 to 45 days. Okay.
And this you think that's enough to also find an overview with this application in this duration?
Yeah, with such a professional shooter, the variation, the level already is really
small. So yes, it will be more than enough.
If I'm talking about that level.
Do you have any questions, Professor Patrick?
No, not right now. So I'm really, I'm really happy that you and you're so you have multiple
levels. So so you also train people for the Olympics. And you but you also have
new people that you that that you train from the very beginning.
Yeah. Okay, so you have to. Okay, that's that's very helpful in that case. Okay.
Yeah. I'm really happy with also very proud of the one when we started in April.
Yes, I was optimistic that you do a great job, but not to this level.
Thank you so much. This is like, no, no, no. We talked about the GUI.
I never expect that it will be that neat.
Okay, okay. I mean, also we worked a lot on on like how things should be together and stuff like
Professor Patrick for sure helped me a lot with kind of graphs that we will need and also his
experience also with the visualization as a result because we was really focusing
for three months only on visualization like the app that take the data was already finished.
But this was like the whole work for three or four months actually. So it was very well done,
because I have my doubts that the good job you made on the on the on the programming of the
program itself. Because you know, maybe you have a good idea, but you cannot show it in a good way.
Yeah, exactly. But today I'm very proud. And also I'm interested when can we start using such an
Oh, my recommendation for you and for Patrick, you have to think in the in the next steps.
The next step, maybe it will be like a mobile app. Everybody, everybody can have a tripod mobile
app with some instructions how you install this mobile. Everybody can use it right away.
Even the players by themselves, because in this point also players can use it in some point with
like a small interface to make like dry fires, because also you can tell us about the home
training because it's a very important thing the players even train at home. So this could help
them to track stuff. Yeah, also if we can have like a summary which can be sent to their coaches,
to their online coaches, it can be like very helpful if you think like, I don't know if you
know about the Indian shooters or not, they have like one million shooter, some of them are
training on the roof and on the basement. And they do like one of my colleagues in the last
international course is an international shooter and he never had a coach yourself trained.
Not just if trained, he has coaches online. Okay. They are telling him what to do, but they cannot
monitor what he is doing. But with the help of such a program, they can send these
data to their online coaches all over the world and they can analyze it and they can give them
the right instructions and right training sessions and what to do and what to avoid
and what to focus on. So it's maybe it will replace the coaches in the future like you
can develop an AI program just to analyze what's wrong and what's right and then we can just
give them like a comments, what to do. And also in some point, would you also in some
what I wanted to say is that you think that if it works like as a home practice and the coaches
send their data and stuff like that, is it okay also for you like if you're comfortable like also
using it like as an homework for this like the players and they send you their files and then
you analyze it? Of course. Of course, if we can have like a few hours per day as a usually what
professional players do that they have a home training. So if I can even follow up and to check
what's wrong, you know the idea itself when you train at home you know that you are not monitored
so you can make a lot of mistakes but if you just think that no it's monitored and your coach will
analyze this even your concentration and focus will be much much higher. For sure. So it will be
from the entry itself it will be helpful for them that they will focus that 100% that it's monitored
and again for me as a coach yes if you send me this data and I can analyze it and give you
the right response and the right people. Of course to be helpful if we are thinking about home
and can I ask another question last question sorry what do you think about the technology
the technologies that currently available for shooting because I also I know that you have a
friend who is also doing the shooting but for like pentathlon and he even got a gold medal
for Egypt. So at some point what would be like the best the best technologies that are they're
using for shooting right now even though not 10 meter air shooting but also rapid shooting or something
like that even for the Olympics. Like how? I would say that I don't know any programs which
near close what you're doing the only the only program which is well known for I guess all
professional shooters will need a scat which will show only the position or your your aiming
what's what's happening during your aiming time in pentathlon. No. What the scat system can do so
that kind of would be really nice to have been to have it integrated here. For sure for sure
but the point is that the fight itself that for me that would be the next kind of step that we can
live track the results and integrate it here in the system and then you can immediately see okay
how did my results that I did and you immediately can see all the analytical features of it
and you can compare to an idle shot so but I think if one has so if you would
up there if you would create a second camera for example that were able to detect the shots
yeah so purpose a second camera for that in my in my idea I had like an idea for that
which is when the because the scat also on the computer in some point so we can
automatically trigger screen recording when the scat also starts so we have this kind of target
view with like the movement at the same point so we can have it as a data in some point like
like a small video for each shot exactly like the one so we can even combine them together
because of the like when the scats running the the monitor is triggered to screen record the
target movement for each shot and keep naming it so we can have this and that at the same time
so we don't have like a direct connection yes from scat because we don't have like a
like collaboration but it can be also like a screen recording thing or even maybe like this
was like my my small like my mind without research even like a spontaneous idea but can also be in
some point like a computer vision technique that even give us as like a CSV file or something like
that based on like the movement or like the green line of of the movement so we can even use it in
different or furthermore graphs or visualizations I don't think that scat will open the interface
so it's what you're saying is much better idea because I don't think that they will allow you to
integrate your programs so monitoring the screen would be a brilliant idea if you'd like to
relate the shot to the results of the scat because even I tried to take the data from the scat because
you know that we have already it was like in a private encrypted format so we cannot use it
and export it like individually like this was even the first graphs that we wanted to do
I think maybe maybe if you if you find a way to to use a really good camera
monitoring the target so maybe you can reach reasonable results
for and integrate it also in your system so in principle then you would
have more features than for sure scat itself for sure and you would be a real
uh yeah in terms of of of having that as a commercial application then you would have
more features so I don't know whether you would put that into a commercial application or you
want to open source it so either way if you I guess that that is the last step and if we can
integrate this this live feature of the so seeing seeing what your shots are I guess this is that
would be then you have all the important features yeah I mean somehow with different solutions can
be like hardware solutions it's very easy to do it with sensors because also I have like the
experience with Arduino stuff like this so it can be like with embedded systems okay but my target
goal was even as Heism Thad to be used by all the people without actually buying the hardware
because I know how expensive the hardware could be for even us like scat like the basic can be like
1000 euros so for me making a software that be used with all the people maybe with a small
subscription like that exactly the same for Spotify or something like that it will be even
more accessible to more million people I would say especially even we're not doing only for 10 meters
pistol shooting also for the other sports like related to it like rifle like the like the speed
runs everything like different variations
like
an entry level but maybe in future or you will have like a secondary subscription or a higher
subscription with monitoring the target itself which you will have like a hundred percent
of the features in one system yes
yeah I mean
thank you can see also in a scat also they have what I guess different versions
yeah different versions exactly exactly yeah
by the way also I was lucky like because Professor Patrick his daughters play also
air pistol shooting so we also he had like
so my wife and my daughter so that's why I have a good shooting experience
though I don't have any but I since this is a it's it's a topic all the time in my family
so I have some kind of side loading knowledge so
no my wife is also a coach for for for for novices so for the very young and
and at some point maybe after how one can can also go to to there and my
my older daughter she she was at boarding school in in Oberhof near Zuhl
and and she trained in the training grounds in Zuhl
but but now she she she moved on so she she will not continue in pistol shooting
but she was quite good she was top notch she was a top notch she was good but yeah
I was training even with the same coach that she was taking with him like the Ukrainian
that I told you before Heisen she was taking the same coach yeah yeah she was trained where with
what what is his name Olaf Olaf it wasn't like this yeah
yeah so but but we know and so the train the coach from Ukraine yeah exactly he's he's he's really nice
um yeah but she she moved on she she did her a level and now she's starting to to study so
I guess also Heisen played also in the Bundesliga here like in Germany for a while
no but it was 70 70 years ago okay but it was shot in the Bundesliga for two years
uh but very uh but it it was in in in terms of time time consuming for sure so yes
and she has a foot drop and uh she has other duties as well so then whatever I say it's an
addiction movie like I stopped for four or five years or they have my second baby and again I
never felt that uh I'm missing something until I reached back to the to the range
and started to treat him back I know that this is what I was missing okay yeah I have the same
feeling that this is the same for my wife's even for me right now even I don't play that much but
when I'm in Egypt for sure I go there sit even in the with people I just shoot a little bit more
like it's like we consider it as a family also in some point that's why I was even super happy
that I'm doing something or a solution to help the people that I like like as my friends even yeah
but then since the outcome is amazing thank you so much not because you're one of my shooters but
the reasons are are beyond my expectation thank you so much this makes me really happy I'm just
telling you because of this you know you know I don't do yeah I know I know I know
when he said he really means I'm using such a
normal I'm telling you as a coach if I'm just now has like a fast forward to the future and
mentioning me using such an application or a program so it really it would be like a very
helpful tool thank you so much yeah I'm not telling you this is a compliment I'm really waiting to
use it okay then I will finish the thesis directly with the application yes you have to think about
this it's I don't think that we in my 26 years shooting that we had something like this before
okay yeah really good okay oh I have another
